In previous tutorials, I told you about how we can create participants, I know and everything.
So after the adminis log in admin rights to create event no event name with coordinator, name coordinator,
no fee, venue date, etc., etc. So you can add your own things.
And so this depends on your scenario, your creation.
So for this case, you need to create one instrument so you can create one.
So let's file directly, but simple case you can create one instrument.
So as I told you as well, these are the event details and everything.
So.
After the participle adminis log in, so I created one page name as admin event page basically like
for creating and accepting everything from the admin.
So in this this is and these are the main event page event, written speech and inside this admin event
page, what it shows, it shows event dates and transaction details.
So this is very simple I created with links.
So for the event details, I need to create one even detail which shows the creative wrangling and beauty
wrangling.
So these are again, the links to for the creative wrangling.
As I told you create e dot, I created one for me.
So this is a very important step here.
So for this purpose, what I created, I created a one form method.
What is the form inside these shoes, I already told you?
Then I'm going to use one name as event as you can see event here and today's post again with even no
event name coordinator, no coordinator name everything fee for registration venue for the event date
of event.
So I'm considering this all as a string, not I'm considering anything you can consider as some date
for native feeling as equal to that.
So for that purpose, you need to change into the database connection and everything.
So this is a very simple case I'm choosing here.
So this is just creating one form inside H.M. and action is active.
So for the storing purposes, what I'm going to create, I'm going to create one package.
So incentive source packages.
So as I told you, what is Java so late?
So similarly like that we are going to create Java Servlet.
But before that, I'm going to tell you some methods or in, so let so let interfaces.
Then the leaves, the connection and et cetera.
So this create the email we just created one form activate.
So before that, you need to create one a able order database for an event.
I'm going to tell you about that also, but I will add some images of creation of evil and everything
inside.
So before that, let's see what is the Julie Bishop connection and.
We already gone through how we can create the GBC connection, but we don't know about the basic scenario
reading this.
So for this purpose, I'm going to tell you the basic scenario about Julie Bishop connection.
So as I told you, we have already gone through with great enforcement in Java, so.
So these are the main methods inside the Java.
But we can use some other solid interfaces also like solar interfaces.
What are this?
Old interfaces basically object obsolete request is used to provide the client request information to
such as content type, content length parameter names.
Value added information attribute means the information that you just type on the page or a similar
scenario or a female form we can use.
So let's request for that.
So like, there are several different methods for so let interfaces like mixing it parameter is one
method parameter value.
This one method enumeration with get parameter names maternel means it will go to the parameter names
for that purpose.
Get Len to then characters, including extraction.
So there are two main emitters already created.
These are the by default methods so we can see default method inside this.
So this is all about not so let request interfaces.
So what is basically a request dispatcher?
And this method was, I will tell you later, but before that, let's see what is universal connection?
So do you stand for Java database connectivity?
JTBC's the Java API to connect and execute query letter to the database.
So GBC is a very stable API since the database on Java are deployed daily because very standard Java
API.
We are going to use here.
So for different databases like MySchool has a different guidebook than Oracle at different, really
busy for the deployment on the servers.
Postgres is also used or different nowadays.
MongoDB is also used for that purpose, so they have some different delivery connection drivers we can
use.
So what we are using or JTBC's, Oracle, Judy, we see APM is so inside that Oracle GDC Java API.
No statement is full statements and it is already written so widely.
Just we are writing this.
It will also use the Java Sea connection.
So it is.
Java is the standard edition part and Julie Bishop uses duty drivers to clean the database.
So now always remember there are four bits of Julie Bishop drivers or all these drivers, which are
basically we are using either the bridge connecting drivers.
So as we are using localhost, we are using this native drivers to basically specify to the specific
databases.
So our cases arrival database, but it's not all native driver because these are some all these drivers
and need to what it means.
If you created some dedicated database on your different database on some or all storage, then it's
an attitude driver.
We are a network protocol driver and teen driver are going to use.
So again, there are two types like we are also using Teen Driver also for that.
Not only the British driver, we are also using the teen driver.
Train driver means it had some minimum requirements and some minimalistic or simple dollar database
connection.
So we can use the Java, the Liberty Bell to extend their time alerted us to it in the relational databases.
So we are going to use relational databases.
Other than that, one motive is very advanced database, which is a new school and everything.
So we are going to see updated page data from the database to the jury to see how the judiciary works,
actually.
So this is Julie Wikipedia.
This is our job application database.
So, Julie Bishop, yeah.
So to the job application, we are accessing what delivery driver for the database and Julie Bishop.
So this is very simple.
So for the delivery of Oracle database, I already told you we have to create one driver class first
or to access everything here.
Then we have to always remember that these oracle Julie Bishop Travel, not Oracle driver, then our
connection you are in connection.
You are in for Oracle Danger database.
You are to use these local laws with that portable power number.
Now, do you remember this word?
No, is always we always see oracle service name and everything.
So you can check for that information.
DNS names dot audit.
That's a file inside the database file.
You can always, always find these information if your code is different for a localized user name for
it is very important.
Before this system, I'm going to use your default username.
You can create your own user.
You can do the password on some.
Before that, I already told you how you can change the report of database.
We have to execute this thing for changing the world would always remember if you change the board,
you have to see these fine DNS names.
Not what if aliens are in this to check your power number to change the condition you are in?
And some other than that, you can change the glasses.
So for this project, I saw the error that your mostly glass fisher bodies cannot be deployed because
it's using same port as Oracle is also using it.
Port and Google Glass, which is also using a duty port, will be changed either for Lake or for the
Oracle database or the glass server.
So the changing the glass feature, it is very easy just to go to that config file and change it.
I already told you in the previous some lectures that how you can change this or to another.
So I am going to use 2002 World in Black with silver.
But before this, if you don't want to change that board, you're going to change in this port.
Also using this greedy executives and do they distribute new political activity basically to 2002?
Go to change this port.
But again, remember, you're putting this into the connection.
You know, before that, you should know how we can create a bill and how you are inserting data, how
you're teaching basic school basics things here.
So this is all about the GBC.
So let us know how we can create the O form or how we can execute this form.
So let's see how we can see this.
So we already created this part for the form they're using create event H.M. and we are going to an
event in next year in the beach.
Our money from the stimulus bill to the data is so simple method.
I'm going to use first in all the libraries first, which is basically employed in both Java and all
Java School and so little empties, then public class activities deemed to be sold, which extends to
that activity.
So this is called into.
You can say we are extending the estimate, so let's.
Plus, we do default method or default plus.
So I'm going to use your again public word Duplass.
You can either use to get also here, but I'm using too many things or I am going to sell too many things
and do great method will restrict me for some time or some cases.
So I'm going to have to use do placement.
Always remember, you have to create some -- request and then actually be response.
So let response, which is also an index option.
So you have to handle the exhibition also, you then you have to create responsible content.
A store statement, I told you the significance of this again telling you that you are writing some
extremely taxing in Java.
So what it will do, I want.
If the event is added, I want to show the event added theme or event today of all things.
So what we are going to do, I'm going to invoke some tags like issue statement.
But by using these tags, it will show me the really adamant in saying that it will show for the full
day not accurate, but it's a visual bug.
We can see so for that purpose, said content is fixed or extremely so.
Java will take care that this is the achievement tag.
So when you present on that external page?
Or if you see a text showing it says there takes a page for print, right, that for the response,
get ready to go all these numbers.
Now I'm going to fetch the data from the original page from Beijing, data from a steel mill.
Then again, I'm telling always remember these names and these names should be always same.
These are all things.
Connection with database, again, we already have seen for the long way we have to use the trial because.
It make you do some insulator, so we have to handle it, so you can either specify this and say like
this also throws exception, so little exception, crop circle exception.
But I don't want to explain everything, so this is using tools.
It will not show me the property in a so for showing the property other than for the property ring or
error handling or exception handling.
I'm going to use your try to return to class, not for the new ruling class in connection, string name,
username, then connection, but I want a manager to establish the connection.
I will again commend this, but also establish connection.
You can either put some outdoor print in statement also here.
That is system total internet connection is successful in everything, but you have to take all the
command from inside your ID or you are executing well part.
So I don't want to check everything again.
So statement, I'm going to create one statement.
So to insert these into the event database.
The Dow already created inside this insert this into the event, did I miss what I'm going to do?
I'm going to insert into event.
What do they lose?
So I'm going to insert these values.
So I'm putting it one eight two eight three eight four eight seven two did this, and I'm going to insert
this.
Similarly, like we are going to insert in our log in page or sign up each of the participants.
Similarly, like that, I'm going to use this event A2, A3, A4 if you and A6 insulin.
I'm going to always remember to close this with semicolon, then research, settlement equity and all
things, including the database.
I'm going to include this event title statement and it should remain on the same page.
Then System Dot println to bring this to the oh come on from that added to the database permitting that
because it will go in that binder, so it will not show any anomaly there and conduct close for look
losing the connection.
So that said, about how we can create this in for lower case, I'm going to tell you how we can create
transaction history and everything, but also what is the difference between including forward?
So let's see how we can create that part.